Update README.md with SSProve (#38)
coq-community/awesome-coq: README.md

- [Hybrid](https://www.site.uottawa.ca/~afelty/HybridCoq/) - System for reasoning using higher-order abstract syntax representations of object logics.
- [Iris](https://iris-project.org) - Higher-order concurrent separation logic framework.
- [Q\*cert](https://github.com/querycert/qcert) - Platform for implementing and verifying query compilers.

> - [SSProve](https://github.com/SSProve/ssprove) - A Foundational Framework for Modular Cryptographic Proofs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SSProve](https://github.com/SSProve/ssprove) - Framework for modular cryptographic proofs based on the Mathematical Components library.
```
